# Soundscape
This soundscape was an impromptu audio idea after I ran into many technical errors with Audacity. I was with professor Flynn working through the technical issues when we decided to do a spontaneous interview/podcast with the background noise of some chattering Hillman students for my soundscape. It was great getting to learn about my professor on a more personal level, I really felt like I was getting the inside scoop! I decided to add a soothing background track behind the interview questions and answers. I figured I would add this element because in some of the podcasts that I listen to in my freetime, they have zen background tracks and It makes it a little easier for me to listen to it. I also could not leave out an opening track that sets the stage before the podcast and an outro sound, I just found these on freesound.org. I remember professor Flynn at one point had said that the abundant problems I ran into for this project would one day be a great thing to bring up in an interview when asked about trials and tribulations with technology. Once we had worked through the problems and celebrated our successes, I began to acknowledge just how true that statement was. Though frustrating, this project will go down in history as what I bring up in interviews. I felt a little behind compared to the class with their ability to use all the fancy editing tools because while they learned about it in lecture, I was struggling to figure out why my program wasn’t working properly. My computer still could not play my project out loud once it was created on the loaner laptop, so I had to stay after class multiple times to edit my project, but once I got the hang of the tools it was rewarding to finish it. 
All important sounds are public domain CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0) Public Domain Dedication
One of my imported tracks was too big to import here, it was the opening sound. But, it was public domain and ill paste it here https://freesound.org/people/eliasyian/sounds/140481/ 
